sommore gusto McMahon and Massa Sarah
Nevada in Delano you can recreate the
dishes at home pea
hondana in you pen and paper our first
recipe
sinigang na mele puto
let me the people just begun okay rice
washing Lilu toccata Lagado didn't you
look this house
yump in central Illinois undo it
yeah fight
no me to play Emily photos I do not come
on he's got guys yes we didn't let them
see yes one back here Lucas oh god I
know
mallamma god oh hey Mary Ellen years I
got to hit be useful 50 years married
ones a little kids Excel up for John is
not having 19 years old
what is your wife housewife Louisville
I don't know you smoke house wired so be
that pathetic daughter cuz I got some
money left somebody while I started to
be noble enough how about you know me
and you want to do the fry of the I mean
fun and Ghana oh I'm gonna but Alice I
can backfire but I love it you know how
much I'm I mean a ballot people who's
our floor is cold start in lambda salty
Anguilla timbala what are the ball I
don't need
a personal emotional decoder it's a good
algorithm producer it's a girl boy super
Billy Santa simple fry plum one minute
per gallon to minute
spending more than I mean it no more
than sharp Ohio my oh my if I'm not so
no I'm not being mean to you our pair of
us and normally they don't like the
overcrowded macaque right
we major in overcrowded for six months
from the time now since in a good Kenya
six months after Kinnison now yes mom
why the bombastic sure sighs yeah
Michael you are the one that I - word
interesting you know 27 sure 23
why because parama and because we love
each other so yeah for Tina Caronna
me Trina Quintana in Deepa hamelin pool
million years
all right after them no Sony 19 or 20
years to follow me
yeah sure
HOA the chicasarita will just evaluate
correct
can you check that I'm gonna either I
don't need a game winner come artist and
sakuya's so native Calum and lahat and
no seeds yes ma'am
well then we'll guess big us can i push
are you looking to talk about this party
who taught you this recipe original
recipe for me so it's in diagonal
ceiling later yes yes ma'am what's gonna
happen now an en vanilla get up oh no
but this okay how much
our affordability no Luanne channel
naina tell me them away or not by the
nap this one okay Darla tripping
tripping over low on Friday
David our iPod fried go so many low fell
upon too big too big no time